Product Recommendations release notes for 3.2.0 (#8350)
magento/devdocs: src/recommendations/release-notes.md

-  Product Recommendations metapackage: `magento/product-recommendations`
-  Page Builder support in Product Recommendations (optional) module: `magento/module-page-builder-product-recommendations`
-  Visual similarity recommendation type support for Product Recommendations (optional) module: `magento/module-visual-product-recommendations`

The release notes include:

-  {:.new}New features
-  {:.fix}Fixes and improvements

## 3.2.0 of magento/product-recommendations for Magento Commerce 2.4.0

> -  {:.new}Added the ability to [resync your catalog to SaaS services from the Admin](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/system/catalog-sync.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  {:.new}Added the ability to [monitor and manage](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/system/catalog-sync.html) the catalog sync process from the Admin Panel. 
```

> -  {:.new}Added the ability to specify [inclusion and exclusion filters](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/marketing/recommendation-incl-excl.html) for your recommendations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  {:.new}Added [inclusion and exclusion filters](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/marketing/recommendation-incl-excl.html) to control what products can and cannot show up in recommendations.
```

-  {:.new}Added the [Visual similarity recommendation type](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/marketing/prex-type-visualsim.html)

> ## 1.2.0 of magento/module-page-builder-product-recommendations for Page Builder for Magento Commerce 2.4.0 and later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1.2.1 of magento/module-page-builder-product-recommendations for Page Builder for Magento Commerce 2.4.0 and later
```
